#Keep the WiFi OnThe sketch is for an Arduino project. Building hardware part of this project can be found on hackster.io There are times you are unable to connect to your wi-fi router.Many times, the remedy is to simply reboot the router.If you do not want to go through that trouble on the ongoing basis, this apparatus will keep an eye on the wifi connectivity. If the connectivity goes down, it will turn the speaker on to give warning to the user, then it will turn the router off for a predefined time using a relay. After the router turns on, it will wait for a while to perform check on the WiFi. This uses Finite State Machine design pattern.It requires MKR 1000 board/(Arduino + WiFi Module)/equivalent that has Wi-Fi capable hardware. It checks the Wi-Fi connectivity by attempting to connect to google.com. If the connection is successful, it puts the device in the Connected State. In the Connected state, it simply waits for a period of time and switches to Checking state to perform periodic check.If the connection is not successful, it puts the device in the Disconnected state. This state will turn the buzzer on through port 3. Will wait for a few seconds and then enter RouterOff state.When RouterOff state is entered, router is turned off by relay connected on Port 0. After a while, it will turn the router on and switch the state to RouterOn.When RouterOn state is entered, router is turned on by relay. It waits for a while giving time to router to boot and start transmitting WiFi. Then the state is changed to Checking which will perform the check.#LicenseMIT License. 